Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.	It's your play.
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.	So you became the hero.  And I became the schmuck.
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.	Now stop it!
You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?	Peerless, last time, go see your father.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---	No problem. Just make sure your front door is unlocked. Shall we say the "stroke of midnight" no pun intended?
Cameron.	We need medical officers for short- arm inspection starting the first afternoon out.
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.	For a butt-head? Yes.
Why?	Well if he does, he didn't give you away. He must really like you.
Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.	Elvis has left the building.
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...	Yes, but not because he's out of a job. That's not news! This man's going to jump as a matter of principle.
C'esc ma tete. This is my head	It is not my riding day, my lord.
Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.	Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can.  I don't wanta be here all night.
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.	Sure.
That's because it's such a nice one.	Storm is what makes it interesting. Thass why all the fish are up. Less hook us a couple big ones.
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?	Just check out the car.
There.	Unfinished business.
You got something on your mind?	Sure.
You have my word.  As a gentleman	That's why Kong loves her!
How do you get your hair to look like that?	Yeah, what's to stop him?
Sure have.	We catch a few hours sleep where we can. Usually here at your bedside.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.	That's the good news?
She's not a...	English Lit.
Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.	Who?
So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?	Where is she? Where is the girl?
Hi.	She's kinky for flight suits--said that she'd never seen so many zippers--played with them all night. The noise alone kept me up.
You know Chastity?	...just for a second.  So, now I got that out of my system and I can go back to the thing that makes me happiest.
Have fun tonight?	That tends to happen when you're the boss's daughter.
I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be "occupied".	Because obviously she existed, right?
I was?	No. It's all about that night, isn't it?
Well, no...	Why do people think I'm Tyler Durden?
Then that's all you had to say.	But damn if he don't look like a fat old Dragline.
But	Right now, I'm just not sure about... making such definite plans.
Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."	She has the face of an angel... She was an angel. She was so kind... so kind to me. It's not her fault, for in the fourth month of her maternal condition she was knocked down by an elephant. I'm sure I must have been a great disappointment to her.
do you listen to this crap?	I'm tired of waiting for someone else to give me an opportunity, Luce. If there's a story here I'm going to find it.
What crap?	You knew Sergeant West?
Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.	God, I m so mad at him!!
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.	Knighted! You don't say. Do you mind if I take a look at it?
What good stuff?	It is important to assure the succession.
The "real you".	You will suffer because he is in the theater. And you will suffer a thousandfold when his review appears.
I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?	I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But? I didn't stay in shape? and?  ?I had to take a few dives.
No	Yeah, alright.
Wow	Right.
She okay?	We have nothing to say! You are a rotten bastard, that's what!
They do to!	I need to uh...
Did you change your hair?	Didn't you hear me, boy?
No.	Inch by inch....
Where did he go?  He was just here.	Is he looking at us?
Who?	I had the group liquidated, you little shit. They were insolent.
Great	If you close your eyes and listen to our voices we might be in Paris.
He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.	If there's anything we can do for you, Dr. Mimms. We want to help.
Is he oily or dry?	Who is this.
Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.	You knew what we were asking you to do. Don't suddenly pull out a conscience now. The fit isn't right.
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?	If they keep Ed on for one full month, he gets a balloon payment.
I have to be home in twenty minutes.	No.
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?	What am I going to do?
It's more	Open it and find out.
Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?	That I don't know. But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig " that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week.	I'm sure you'll be glad to meet Mr. Gillis.  He wrote it.
Queen Harry?	Yes, they are.
Neat...	No... Just to know... Because it's a long time I work... And I never did anything with my money... I should do something.
Hey, sweet cheeks.	I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
Hi, Joey.	I have no need for a doctor or dentist. I have never been ill. I have never been allowed outside of this house, and, except for Joe, I have never had any visitors.
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.	Miss Johnson is a teacher, and...
Where've you been?	On his back, I suppose.
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.	Harry Chaplin. "Cats in the Cradle."
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?	Yeah, I read your book. "Mike" had the same problems as "Chad" the stockbroker.
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.	You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood... I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach...  I'm something different, something unexpected!  I'm a seed.  I am so much more...  You don't begin to know me...
Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?	I had to -- for all I knew you could have been in on the whole thing.
What do you think?	You ever think of getting a new car, Wade?
You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.	Transferring controls to manual.
What's normal?	He was a modest man.
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?	You must understand that your Father's enemies have friends in Palermo.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.	Brady! Come with us.
It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?	I didn't do nothing wrong!  That was Mayolia's!  I didn't ask her for it.  I don't know about any -
You are so completely unbalanced.	Against your code?
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --	That's very sweet of you Vaughan. We care about you, too. Don't we y'all?
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.	No. She's not.
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.	The Western Woods.
Like you care.	What, what?
I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .	I don't.
Joey never told you we went out, did he?	Again? You're getting real tight with them. You're gonna be a straight-A student---just kidding, thanks for coming.
What?	Shit. You should have been married to someone by now. You know, settled down somewhere with a kid or two, a nice steady job.
In 9th.  For a month	I'm sorry. This just means so much to me.
Why?	No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
He was, like, a total babe	Let's go to the church, they're playing bingo tonight.
But you hate Joey	The--the officers.
Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.	Whatever you say.
He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.	What blood?
You did what?	That's it.
But	You saying nothing counts?
After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --	The City National on San Vincente.
Why didn't you tell me?	No, no news. We don't want to know what's happening in the world. We want to be left alone, don't we?
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.	Just tell me we're still in the shipping lane. Just show me all those stars, all those bright, beautiful, deep-space....
That's not	We've been better.
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.	Not at all. We're just finishing lunch.
I guess I thought I was protecting you.	Two people.
God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself	Miss.  May I?
Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.	Bill, we need to talk!
You looked beautiful last night, you know.	I'm sorry -- I heard the children laughing.
Let go!	Oh yeah?
You set me up.	Do you want the car?
I just wanted --	Too bad, man, that blows my chance to be Ambassador to France.
What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?	Hey, she doesn't want to go with you. Come on.
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?	You don't have to hunt to do it.
Patrick -- is that- a.	I don't have any proof, Palmer.
Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...	I think I know my son.
No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion.	Maureen looks at Phil, confused...as if seeing for the first time...IT'S NOT PHIL. She pulls away when, the Ghost-masked Figure grabs her with one hand, the other one clutching the hunting knife. Maureen sees it, her mouth billowing forth a LOUD SCREAM That is matched by the entire audience as they SCREAM at the screen.
What if she never starts dating?	I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealin' my heart.
Then neither will you.  And I'll get to sleep at night.	What?
But she doesn't want to date.	He's got it.
Daddy, I --	Keep looking.
And where're you going?	And to you, Mr. Andrews.
If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.	Yeah, that's it.  And he's like a fucking genius.  They said he shaded you over and over.  And in the end, he aced you again.  Shaded and faded.  They say he's living on some Greek island, but I say that's fucking bullshit.  I say you're the best and that you planted his ass. Am I right?
Otherwise known as an orgy?	I don't know about you, but I feed off my emotions.
Daddy, people expect me to be there!	Knock it off. That used to be my girlfriend.
Oh, God.  It's starting.	Why not?
Wear the belly before you go.	Still clear.
Daddy, no!	You need to study?
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.	But you knew about this.
Why?	These are doubtful times.  The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the...
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --	In Beverly Hills?
The prom?  Kat has a date?	I think so.
No, but	Don't be ridiculous.  I know a real man like you would break my neck if I so much as laid a hand on him. Besides, you're not my type.
It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?	Clean. Real clean.  As clean as my conscience.
He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.	It's been Hell.
You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story.	I doubt it. How did you find out?
I'm missing something.	I didn't do anything.
Always a pleasure, Brucie.	I need to talk to you about Will Graham.
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?	We're heading back to Cape Kenneth.
Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?	And here I've made you all hot and sweaty.
Never	What else? Shit, Principal Cole, you ain't gonna believe what else.
Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?	Mean you to seek him out below?
You the new guy?	Oh, as opposed to -- ?
So they tell me...	You spent all the money while I was in prison?  Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!?
So -- which Dakota you from?	Morning, Miss Kubelik.
North, actually.  How'd you   ?	Okay, so they were in your wallet, and you left your wallet somewhere. Some bar. Christine'll understand.
I was kidding. People actually live there?	No.
Yeah.  A couple.  We're outnumbered by the cows, though.	Sure you do, it's good for you.
How many people were in your old school?	I was having a nightmare.
Thirty-two.	It's impossible.  I was buying or selling something.  I've been to Cairo many times.
Get out!	Don't.
How many people go here?	You should keep track of your old school chums.  Turns out she eventually joined the communist party.  On top of which, she's Lucy Angstrom Hirschfeld now, and she happens to be a writer for "Studio One" on CBS.
That I'm used to.	Okay.  "Frankenstein."  Tell me everything.
That girl -- I --	Is that anyway to talk to an old school chum?
You burn, you pine, you perish?	I see.
Who is she?	Why the fuck would I do that?
Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't even think about it	Few dozen cooties won't kill me, don't guess.
Why not?	I don't know what that means.
Why do girls like that always like guys like that?	Put it in your mouth.
Because they're bred to.  Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them. Their gene pool is rarely diluted.	You know, I don't like to show my body to a man of my gender-
He always have that shit-eating grin?	The one with 'Philadelphia' spelled correctly is the counterfeit.
You know French?	Didn't everybody?
Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada	When they coming in?
Guess who just signed up for a tutor?	I've been expecting you; I got a letter from the lawyer.
You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?	Oh, Ben -- this is so -- exciting --
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.	What does it mean here -- about my soul?
That's her?  Bianca's sister?	What?  President Grant is...!
I teach her French, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.	Berithium lava coming through. Use the handholds above you.
What about him?	Look, would you argue with your doctor?
What makes you think he'll do it?	It's a prison, you idiot!  They don't expect anyone to try getting in!  The problem will come when we want out!
He seems like he thrives on danger	To wire your car so it would explode when you turned the ignition. The Ministers say you are spreading untruths about the Messenger. The Ministers say you are a great hypocrite, Judas, Benedict Arnold. The Ministers say your tongue should be cut out and delivered to the Messenger's doorstep.
No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...	Alexander Knox. Gotham Globe.
They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology?	Well, go on and take it. Work for somebody else! That's the gratitude I get for --
I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers.	And he says, 'Yah, that guy's dead and I don't mean a old age.' And then he says, 'Geez, I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake.'
Forget his reputation.  Do you think we've got a plan or not?	All right. All right. I want to square things with you first.
Did she actually say she'd go out with you?	Get the gun. I'll untie Pops.
You know, if you do go out with Bianca, you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone. Strictly A-list.  With me by your side.	Two-fifty? They go up?
I thought you hated those people.	Do you want a cup of tea?
You got him involved?	Her whereabouts are unknown, and we must proceed without her.  Pull yourselves together.
This is it.  A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.	Let's see...  Next you tell me all the terrible things about you - and prove that we're doomed to fail - right...?   you hate kittens and puppies, you've drivin all your lovers to suicide --and those mysterious deaths at the hospital were really -
In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.	You might want to pass it along to Mac.
Will Bogey get bent?	Making a male climax is not all that challenging: insert somewhere close and preferably moist; thrust; repeat.
Number one.  She hates smokers	Who gets it, the company?
It's a lung cancer issue	Fucking mad!
Her favorite uncle	Yeah, well thanks, but I got enough to hold me.  My mother can send me some.  I don't know.
He's pretty!	That's not the country Luke fought for.
Assail your ears for one night.	But what about the past? Our past?
You told me that part already.	Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!!
Extremely unfortunate maneuver.	Ok, I will.  The bad news is the ship is history.  Life support will last another 36 hours, maybe.
The hell is that?  What kind of 'guy just picks up a girl and carries her away while you're talking to her?	I forgive you.
Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.	You sure do a lot of guessing.
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.	I have the...strangest feeling I've met you before...a long time ago, perhaps. Were you ever...?
And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.	What time is it?
What've you got for me?	There's no 'unless.'  No one has said "whoopsidaisies" for fifty years and even then it was only little girls with blonde ringlets.
Okay -- Likes:  Thai food, feminist prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion".	...we can make it.
Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.	Six weeks. But who's counting?
Cameron, I'm a little busy	We're getting close.
What 're you talking about?	She doesn't want me around
Cameron -- do you like the girl?	I'm talkin' about a massacre. They snatched my narcotics and hightailed it outta there. Wouldda gotten away with it, but your son, fuckhead that he is, left his driver's license in a dead guy's hand. A whore hiding in the commode filled in all the blanks.
Sure	Hit the lights again.
What'd you do to her?	I'm not here to negotiate.
She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .  That's a direct quote	Not sure at all.
You makin' any headway?	The cops are non-negotiable, Ippolito.  Why don't you just tell me how this space station works.
She kissed me.	Ma! Leave me alone!
What's the worst?	What're you gonna do, Rachel? You gonna sit in a bar in Baltimore? You want your job back? You want a life?
The vintage look is over, Kat. Haven't you been reading your Sassy?	Let's get these things lit.
Yeah, and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow.  Tough break.	Oh yeah! Better be good and hurry away then! Who knows? We might be being watched! Maybe one of your stupid French companies has got a detective prying into your life - after all, that?Æs what they do to their employees, isn?Æt it? Huh! Hope you enjoy ruining people?Æs lives. Thanks for the lift!
Hey -- do you mind?	She could be out.  She could be sick in bed for all we know.
Where ya goin?	What about Ruby?
Away.	Bob, Bob... I'm a member.
Leave my sister alone.	Well, you can forget about that lady friend business, Alan's the most loyal husband a girl could have. He dotes on that bride of his.
Yeah	I see that. Washington to Philadelphia to here. Philly's a nice station. How many agents?
Two legs, nice rack...	We could skip the Gavotte.
Yeah, whatever.  I want you to go out with her.	Miz Jenny! Miz Jenny!
Sure, Sparky.  I'll get right on it.	...gotta read my reports.
You just said	Marge, calm down, you're being hysterical.
You need money to take a girl out	I know...  But Dad, you can't go back.  You didn't die in that fire.  And no matter what you do, nothing is gonna change that.  So all we can do is deal with this...and try to make it right.
You got it, Verona.  I pick up the tab, you do the honors.	Yes, ma'am.
You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?	-- there's nothing to explain. You're trying to kidnap what I've rightfully stolen. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           43.
I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend.	You just made that up.
I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.	Donny-nothin'!
Take it or leave it.  This isn't a negotiation.	You and Lois, you get all the action.  There she is, out in the wild West and everything.
When I shell out fifty, I expect results.	Ram asked me out, but he wants to double with Kurt and Kurt doesn't have a date.
I'm on it	Where must you go?
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.	What?!
I just upped my price	That's not a name!  That's just a letter!
What?	Kristen, don't start with me.  You know what your shrink said...
A hundred bucks a date.	Now you'll be mine, Cindy.
Forget it.	... Murderer...
It's about time.	Oh, uh, I don't know. I miss you. Tsch.
How'd you do it?	Pardon?
Do what?	What are the choices?
I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers.  Another hundred for the tux --	I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space!
Hey.	Okay, Ken. We're going.
Are you lost?	Yeah, well welcome to the nineties.
Nope - just came by to chat	Ah, you should see the swan! His masterpiece. Now, walk along the beach and stoop to pick up the shell.
We don't chat.	It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.  We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you.  You know, just to see if you're interested.	Then, we shall meet.
But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right?	Hey...you flipped--or something? You better take off...
Does this conversation have a purpose?	I make my end of the cash at 184,000.  Now I'm trying to figure out the bonds.  What the face value is.
I hear you're helpin' Verona.	It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks.  Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars.
Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend*	Look, you guys know how it is. You just keep doin' what it looks like you're supposed to, even if it seems crazy, and you hope to hell your User knows what's goin' on.
You and Verona?	It'll be fine when we get done with it.
You better not fuck this up.  I'm heavily invested.	How you doin'?
Who's that?	Stay right. Left is trouble.
Patrick Verona   Random skid.	Who's the investigating officer?
That's Pat Verona? The one who was gone for a year? I heard he was doing porn movies.	Um, I understand that this science friction is popular -- but don't the big hits always have big stars?
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.	Yeah, Earl Warren?
He always look so	You just don't get it, do you?  I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you.
Mandella, eat.  Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.	Yeah.
What's this?	Had to be done.
I realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions.  You're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy.	I'll make it short.
The people at this school are so incredibly foul.	Right.
So he has this huge raging fit about Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to his male-dominated, puking frat boy, number one golf team school. I have no say at all.	Do?  Well, I suppose that depends on you.
William would never have gone to a state school.	Adelle?
William didn't even go to high school	Nurse! Oh God! Alex!
That's never been proven	I'll need him.
I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming.  Do you mind?	Now it makes total sense why she didn't want him to know we were in his office the other night.
Does it matter?	Quiet - I'm thinking.
You think this'll work?	It's registered in my mother's name.
What'd he say?	It's a machine gun.  I thought I'd kill myself.
You went to the party?  I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity.	That one did.
I didn't have a choice.	It's your nose, y'see. Fans are funny that way. Take a dislike to things. They'll pick on a nose...
You didn't have a choice?  Where's Kat and what have you done with her?	You know, you sure got a hard-on for a guy that's guilty of zip on paper.  Top Dollar runs Showtime; what's the matter, don't you like adult entertainment?
